gh-140607: Validate returned byte count in RawIOBase.read (#140611)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-10-25-21-04-00.gh-issue-140607.oOZGxS.rst

Inside :meth:`io.RawIOBase.read` validate that the count of bytes returned by

> :meth:`io.RawIOBase.readinto` is reasonable (inside the provided buffer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside :meth:`io.RawIOBase.read`, validate that the count of bytes returned by
:meth:`io.RawIOBase.readinto` is valid (inside the provided buffer).
```
